Corrected minor language errors in glossary.md. (#827)
plone/training: docs/glossary.md

    [Dexterity](https://github.com/plone/plone.dexterity), the base framework for building content types, both through-the-web and as filesystem code for Zope.

Dublin Core

>     The Dublin Core Schema is a small set of vocabulary terms that can be used to describe web resources (video, images, web pages, etc.). It can also be used to describe physical resources such as books or CDs, and objects like artworks.

Reviewer: This follows both ours and the Microsoft Style Guide more closely, avoiding both the use of `etc.` and using the correct and of a sentence for a list of items. See https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/a-z-word-list-term-collections/a/and-so-on

```suggestion
    The Dublin Core Schema is a small set of vocabulary terms that can be used to describe web resources (video, images, web pages, and other online content).
    It can also be used to describe physical resources, such as books, CDs, artworks, and other objects.
```

Webpack entrypoint
    The main files generated by webpack as a result.
    They typically contain the application source code based on modules bundled together, but it can also include other resources, such as static resources.
    They can contain code to automatically trigger the load of other JavaScript code files called "chunks".

Babel

>     A JavaScript compiler that "translates" newer standards JavaScript to something that any browser can load.

Reviewer: Revert. "transpiles" is the correct technical term.

Express

>     A JavaScript HTTP server with a simple API, to build custom applications.

Reviewer: We should instead use the official definition from [the source](https://expressjs.com/).

```suggestion
    [Express](https://expressjs.com/) is a minimal and flexible Node.js web application framework that provides a robust set of features for web and mobile applications.
```

>     Volto uses it as its web server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Volto uses Express.
```

    The transformation of JavaScript code that uses advanced language features, unavailable for some browsers, to code rewritten to support them.

> ES6

Reviewer: Both terms should be listed. "Stacking" the term names as shown below is the syntax in a glossary.

```suggestion
ES6
ECMAScript 6
```

>     ECMAScript 6 (ES6), a newer version of the JavaScript language that introduces features like arrow functions and classes.

Reviewer: ES6 is a standard, not a language. That should never have snuck in.

```suggestion
    [ECMAScript 6 (ES6)](https://262.ecma-international.org/6.0/) is a scripting language specification on which [JavaScript](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Glossary/JavaScript) is based.
    [Ecma International](https://www.ecma-international.org/) is in charge of standardizing ECMAScript.
```

GenericSetup
    [GenericSetup](https://5.docs.plone.org/develop/addons/components/genericsetup.html) is a framework to modify the Plone site during add-on package installation and uninstallation.
    It provides XML-based rules to change the configuration settings.

cookiecutter-plone-starter

>     [cookiecutter-plone-starter](https://github.com/collective/cookiecutter-plone-starter) is a `cookiecutter`-template, created by the Plone community, to bootstrap

Reviewer: Revert. English does not hyphenate this term.
